# wikiviz

Wikiviz is a Wikipedia Visualization application. Wikiviz graphically represents related content from Wikipedia, allowing users to discover new concepts and develop a contextual understanding of the relationships between ideas. WikiMapper was created as a class project for CECS 550 Software Engineering at the University of Louisville, taught by Dr. Rammohan Ragade and Dr. Adrian Lauf. 


### Application structure
*	Main event loop and GUI setup are in main.py.
*	Display module: has extra display-related functionality required by main.
*	Parser module: translates keywords provided by GUI into related links, images, and text
*	Network module: takes requests from Parser to retrieve page data from Wiki for parsing

### Library Requirements
*	Python 2.7
*	Kivy 1.8
*	BeautifulSoup 4
* Nosetests to run tests

### Minimum Recommended System Requirements
* OS: Windows 7, Mac or Linux
* CPU: 2 Cores @ ~2GHz
* RAM: 2GB
* Internet Connection: 5Mbps (download speed)

### Installation
You must use Kivy to run the application:
`kivy wikiviz/main.py`

### Documentation
Full docs are in the docs folder, as generated by Doxygen. Open docs/html/index.html to view.

### Testing
Unit tests and functional tests are in the tests directory. To run all the tests:
`nosetests`

You can also run the tests individually using kivy. Example:
`kivy tests/unit_tests/controller/network/test_network.py`

### Coding Style
Python code will follow the [PEP 8 Standard](http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and use 4 spaces for indentation.

### User Manual
* Enter search term into search box and click/tap magnifying glass
* Click/tap a node to generate its children
* Click/tap and drag nodes to move them about
* Double-click/tap a node to see a text summary box
* Drag text summary box away to return to original graph
* Pinch screen in or out to zoom in or out (Non-touch screens: right-click, then drag mouse)
* Click/tap magnifying glass in corner to reset search

### Authors
Ashley Revlett, Everett Rush, Sarah Mullins
